Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
We'll go over some of the things the Lord showed us yesterday in prayer.
And yesterday's prayer to me was over the chart.
I love seeing over like that what the Lord has shown us about the soon return of the Lord Jesus Christ.
I got so excited about the Moeds and the harbingers and the things the Lord was showing us.
I don't know.
I just have such an anticipation.
Just an anticipation.
You know, right now the wheat harvest is coming in in Oklahoma, and it's early.
They're saying it's early.
You know, they're talking about on the news it's early, and it's been a lot of drought, but they're still getting some wheat because the wheat's coming in, and western Oklahoma's been really dry.
As I was looking over what the Lord was showing me last night, I saw the big combines.
I saw big John Deere looking combines and the wheat was bowing down.
It was in that ripe state.
And the Lord was talking about the harvest that as we had 8,000 people here last night praying with us, he said, "I can take the 8,000 of you and save the world.
It doesn't take much.
There's 8 billion plus people.
" And what he was showing me last night was, Brandon, I could take just this little bit of group of prayer warriors that you have here and take this little army of 8,000 and change the world with eight because you are stationed all over the world.
You got people in Australia, I got people in Europe, I mean everywhere.
I mean, and so if every one of us just light a fire inside of our hearts, set a fire down deep in my soul.
As I was looking across in the spirit, the Lord was showing me these harvesters with these great big combines, and they were reaping the wheat.
And I know as I'm looking into this vision, it was just something so beautiful as the fields were just glistening with gold, the wheat harvest.
It looks so beautiful as it's ripe and it's ready.
I was just part of that and then seeing the silos, the two silos again.
I could see the two silos.
But as we were praying, I saw Jonathan Khan's face and I'm not really familiar with Jonathan Khan's ministry.
I haven't read any of his books.
Just being real with you.
But I've watched his show on Jim Baker and some of these others whenever he would talk about the Harbingers back in 2015 and when he first came out with his first book.
Last night I saw a spot concerning him.
It looked like one of those hydrants that you turn the knob that has the red knob and you turn the knob in a garden.
It was what was flowing, and I saw it was getting ready to flow on him.
But I saw him, it was something to do with church of his presence, like he'll be invited there maybe in September during this on this feast date from Rosh Hashanah.
I don't know, but I could see him at church of the presence.
Now I don't know why I was seeing him at that.
I'm just telling you what I saw in the vision.
But I saw Harbinger and it was in a marquee sign.
You know what the little lights that look like show is like the little lights that all light up?
They're little, but they all make one big beautiful sign that's really bright.
And I could see harbinger across this big sign.
It was lit up.
But there was a word underneath the harbinger that was not lit up yet.
And every once in a while it would flicker.
It would flicker like it was trying to light up.
There was something more to this sign.
And I could see the little bulbs, but they weren't.
And they had a black line that was a cord that looked like a wire, a black wire that was running to those to power them.
But the bottom light was just flickering.
It wasn't totally on.
It wouldn't come on and it would just trying to come on.
So as I was looking at that, I was praying and I was seeing pray for him concerning a new book, praying concerning new revelation, new revelation of the word of harbingers.
As we got to 911, Rosh Hashanah, I could see the harbingers again and the Lord showed me 2015 and I saw a big hourglass like you would see on the like the sands of times and it was massive, but there was just a little bit of sand left that look like golden beads.
They look like golden like almost transparent the in the center with gold in the middle of these beads, but they were barely at the bottom of this hourglass.
And the Lord said, "You're out of time.
I extended the time in 2015.
what will you do with the time that I have given you?
This little bit was left.
" As I got to September the 11th, 911, I saw ground zero.
Ground zero.
I saw a flag that was smoke coming up that the flag of the United States of America looked burnt.
It looked tattered.
It looked war torn.
It was coming up out of a new ground zero.
I heard new ground zero.
Now, it was similar to the wreckage and the rubble that was shown during the Twin Towers.
But this was one building.
It was not twin towers.
It was one major building.
As I was looking at this one major building, I saw that somebody had put a flag in the middle of the rubble that was bent.
It was cockeyed.
It wasn't straight up.
It was laying at a slant, but it was swaying barely in it.
And I heard 1929, 1930.
And I could see the bar graphs and the things popping before my face as I was looking at that.
Am I saying it's this September?
No, I don't know what I was saying.
I'm going to be very quiet.
I'm going to be really real with you.
I don't know what I was looking at.
I see in part, hear in part.
And this is why I grab a hold of something and I pray over it for months before I get more pieces sometimes.
Sometimes I get it faster than others, but it just depends.
It's like it's like a blood hound.
You that blood hound just follows the trail.
And when you're in the spirit, you follow the trail.
You follow where the Lord's leading you to pray.
You don't just take one piece of it and go, "Well, I've got the whole thing.
I can solve the I can solve the riddle.
I can solve the clue or whatever.
I have to pray this out and it takes time.
It takes effort.
You sit at his feet and sometimes he won't bring that up again for a long time and he'll show me something else.
I'm like, what about the building?
" And it's like, well, when the building's necessary to be talked about again, I will tell you until then, keep praying.
So, I see the building.
As I saw the harvest and I saw the hourglass and I saw the September of 20 of 2015, it's two schmita cycles seven and seven was 14 was leading to this next schmita cycle of 2028 2029.
And I heard a 2year revival.
A 2-year window.
A 2year window for a major revival.
So that two years would be September the 11th of this year going into 2028 2029, right?
2020.
Yeah.
Two years.
So 20 2020 This is 2026 to 2027.
2027 to 2028, that two-year window for when the schmita cycle starts again for that seven-year window to be up from 25.
And the Lord said, "I extended the time.
" So, I was praying into that and that's why I was I got I get excited about that kind of stuff because I'm always looking for his return because I'm like, Lord, what are you saying?
Are you coming soon?
Oh Lord, please come now.
You know, and as I know the harvest is on his heart.
The harvest is plentiful and the labors are few.
As I saw those big combines tilling up the getting that wheat, bringing in the harvest and filling up those silos, I saw those two remember the farmer and the del like I saw the farmer running down the lane the path and he had two buckets in his hand and they looked like milk buckets and he was running down and I could see the harvest skin but I saw the and I could hear the rooster crowing.
Does anybody remember that vision?
I could see the vast wheat field.
I could see the two silos, but one silo was busting open and the other silo was hardly full.
That happened probably back in March.
But as I was praying into this, I just got excited because I know whatever this new ground zero is, whatever this...
I was praying, "What is the new ground zero?
" A new ground zero.
That doesn't sound like a good thing to me.
It didn't, because I saw the rubble.
I saw massive steel beams coming up out of the ground that looked like wreckage.
It looked like something out of a bad accident, like something similar to the first 9/11.
And I heard 9/11, September the 11th of this year is Rosh Hashanah, praying over what the Lord is showing us, praying over this time frame.
I told you from Memorial Weekend, which was last Monday, praying into that—that's why I was passionate about what I was saying last night.
And so many of you take it like I'm scolding you.
I'm not scolding you.
I'm trying to get the troops where you get some oomph in you.
You need a little bit of gasoline on your little flames, and listen, as you saw the Muslims, these little kids bowing down to this false god in Europe, and that's what I'm saying: what does it take for the church to wake up and stop being so complacent, losing our rights, our freedom of speech, our freedom of—I mean, all this stuff, our Bill of Rights.
And the Lord said, "In the days ahead, I saw that darkness trying to come upon America, taking our freedom of speech, especially concerning social media, censors, fact-checkers.
" We don't know about that because of the major election that's coming, concerning the midterms and the presidential election in 2028.
So, do I believe that he's coming in 2028?
I don't know.
I'm looking for him.
Could he not?
Yeah, maybe not.
But I've told you countless times.
I've seen Marco Rubio.
I've prayed for Marco Rubio.
I'm praying for Byron.
I'm praying for this next term.
I'm praying against a coup concerning ousting President Trump before his time with a new January 6th kind of an event trying to overthrow him, praying against any kind of evil plots concerning his family: Don Jr.
, Eric, Tiffany, Ivanka, Barron, praying for all of them, praying for them to finish.
The Lord said he would hold the church accountable concerning praying for Trump.
What will the church do to pray for him to maintain his level of leadership?
Because if we had Kamala Harris or somebody else in there, think about where we would be right now.
And the Lord said, for what is coming, we will all be thanking the Lord that he's president instead of her in the days ahead, for whatever this is.
I keep seeing this Red Dawn experience—an enemy within, a Trojan within.
He said they weren't able to attack you, foreign countries, and invade you from your beaches.
So, they had to infiltrate you from within.
It was too hard to try to bring in submarines and battleships and everything because of how far the distance is between China and the ocean—like, in America, thousands of miles.
And then all you have is Mexico, and you have to either come up through Mexico, which Joe Biden let them in by the millions, and they still pretend like they know who—they don't know all who's in the country and who's hiding in here after Joe Biden let I don't know how many millions of people into our nation.
Yeah, they found Chinese.
Look here, here's more.
This right here, breaking news, right?
What is this right here, son?
They found Chinese nationals wearing camouflage near Eagle Pass, Texas.
Okay.
So, they found these guys, Chinese trying to infiltrate our country in Eagle Pass, Texas, and they look like military.
They're trying to hide out and come through still right now, coming and infiltrating our country.
And I said, "This is a Red Dawn experience.
This is people we found.
" How many are there?
What is that?
One, two, three, four...
how many?
Six.
Six people.
This is what's happening.
But how many came over when Joe Biden was president?
I know for a fact because I have people that I know, family members that I know, my brother and some other folks would talk about they would come in and buy up firearms and things like that and land in Oklahoma.
Then they're doing things like that to stage a coup, growing marijuana.
I don't know what they're doing, but I'm just telling you, folks, this stuff is still trying to happen.
And I said I saw underground tunnels.
I saw underground tunnels in certain towns.
And I can even tell you where I saw them, but I don't say it because I saw some of these law enforcement officers were not good.
They were being paid off by the cartel, and some of them had lucrative lifestyles with cash.
Cash—I saw cash.
And so, I don't touch that; I just did a little bit.
But as I was seeing all this, folks, I'm telling you, I saw another kind of an event trying to take place, and we need to pray for our president.
But I saw a window of blessing again.
I saw praying for the Clarity Act, praying for crypto, praying for this.
We can't stop it, so ride the wave for whatever the Lord is telling you that means.
That's what I saw, and that's what I hear.
Not financial advice—I'm not a financial adviser.
It's all in my opinion, for your entertainment purposes only.
Go ahead and show them what President Trump said today.
What?
Oh, I see.
So, after what we prayed last night, he comes on here and says this.
Can y'all see that?
Is it ready there?
"Gary Gensler and the anti-crypto army nearly destroyed the American crypto industry by driving Bitcoin crypto innovation offshore, but Trump saved it.
America is now the crypto capital of the world.
" I know, I'm just saying.
I just pause there.
That's a huge statement, and now, why today did you post that, sir?
Just asking, President Trump, what do you know that we don't know?
Right when I saw your sons with five major coins going into your new building, and I saw your skyscrapers shoot up out of the earth, and it was massive, and it overtowered your real estate empire, and Barron was the one leading the charge for your sons.
Eric was falling behind him, but Barron was smarter about this.
There was something about Barron in the days ahead.
And the guy, the Asian man—there's an Asian man involved.
But I don't know, I thought that was kind of neat when he put that out there today.
"Trump will never let crypto down.
You see that?
Trump will never let crypto down.
The new frontier of finance is being built in America.
" The new frontier, the new industrial revolution, the line, the black line the Lord showed us.
And this is what he's saying today.
And as we were praying this out last night, I could see things concerning this that came out today.
Is that a coincidence?
No, I don't think so, because the Lord is about to birth...
there's something major.
The Lord said, "Pray over this.
Pray over this.
" And I said, "The Middle East will ride with this.
Saudi Arabia, the prince of Saudi Arabia.
" Why?
Because this is what the beast system is going to—the black onyx, BlackRock, these major banking institutions will ride this.
Why?
It is whenever he said it right here.
Did you hear him say about being able...
remember, it was on Johnny J.
Bravo, and you said BlackRock said they'll be able to take your money out of your account.
You remember that?
Or you probably don't have that, but I was sitting there going, "This is all the things that the Lord showed me.
" This is about you doing what we tell you to do with that mark in your hand and your forehead or you don't buy, sell, or trade, man.
You can't buy food.
We're not going to let you do anything.
We won't even let you pay your bills.
You can't even keep your electric on unless you have what we tell you to have in the days ahead.
And it will all be run by a digital society.
Well, Brandon, why do you embrace that?
Why are you praying for it to happen?
Because this is the coming of the Lord.
He's coming.
You aren't going to stop it.
The Bible told us it's going to happen, so just embrace it.
Know it's going to happen.
Well, Braden, I don't want that.
I'm ready to get out of here.
I don't want to die.
I want to go by the rapture of the church.
But I'm saying, my goodness, folks, that's how close we are.
When you start seeing the beast system come about like this, and they're talking about aliens and they're talking about all this stuff, what's the church about to do?
That's the part of the coin we're not looking at.
We know what the world is doing—aliens and digital—but the church is about to walk in the glory like we've never seen before.
That's what you should be getting excited about right now.
Power and the authority of the believer, laying hands on the sick and seeing them recover, casting out devils like we should be doing already.
It shouldn't be a new thing.
'Well, Brandon, we got a guy.
He got devils cast out of him.
' Well, that was the Great Commission.
He told us to do that already.
Walking in your authority, knowing who you are.
So, anything else?
Yeah, and then you saw the engine.
Oh, I saw an engine, and it had some kind of cork in there.
It had tape, and it was being taped off so the engine oil wouldn't leak.
What was that about, Braden?
You saw foil in it or something like that.
You saw like painter's tape.
Was it tape?
Yeah, it was plumber's tape.
And I thought, 'Why, that's going to melt.
Wouldn't that melt?
' because it looked like plumber's tape around the edges to keep it from leaking.
But there was something more.
Some people were trying to guess in the chat what it meant.
They were saying it's a temporary fix or something like that.
Yeah, temporary fix.
Well, because plumber's tape would melt, wouldn't it, in an engine?
I couldn't figure that out, and I was trying to wrap my mind in the natural around what I'm seeing in the spirit.
So, I thought that was kind of interesting because it was plumber's tape on the plug where you take the plug out to drain the oil.
There was some kind of plumber's tape.
It was white plumber's tape on that, and it was wrapped around the grooves to seal it—a good, proper seal.
And the Lord was pointing that out on this oil.
Oh, and I heard in the spirit the crank.
The tongues, even when I was praying, sounded like the crank of a car, praying into the starting of this harvest.
It sounded like the crank of a car, the starting of an engine.
That was amazing, wasn't it?
Yeah.
So, I think that was basically the highlights of that.
How long did that take us?
Too long—for 29 minutes.
Not too bad, huh?
I'm trying to keep it shorter for y'all so you don't go, 'Well, Brandon, I'm getting weary sitting here.
' Go ahead.
Okay, play this.
Still talking about it.
Well, yeah, because he's going to be the one.
He's the one that helps lead the charge when it's over.
Yes.
He slays his thousands, and the other one will slay his ten thousands.
Look at Cuba.
That's pretty neat.
And Venezuela, what's going on there?
Well, interesting.
On Venezuela, that process continues—that three-phase process, you know, of obviously stabilization, recovery, and transition.
I would just say, just since January 3rd of this year, okay, and I think this number is right—and Chris or Doug can correct me on this, but I think 10 million barrels of Venezuelan oil have been delivered to the United States since the 3rd of January there.
That industry is being professionalized for the first time ever.
It's going to the benefit of the Venezuelan people.
They are selling oil in the market at market rates.
The money is going to an account in the United States controlled and monitored by the Treasury, audited by KPMG, and, for the first time ever, the money is not being stolen.
It's going to the benefit of the Venezuelan people.
Cuba is in a lot of trouble because, unfortunately for them, it's run by a bunch of incompetent communists.
And being communist is bad; being an incompetent communist is like the worst.
But the country's been taken over by this company called GAESA that basically controls 70% of the economy.
None of the money in that company goes to help the Cuban people.
None of it.
So, we'll be talking to them.
We'll be working on it.
You know, we want something good for the Cuban people, and hopefully there'll be a good outcome there for them.
There needs to be.
It's 90 miles from our shores, and having a failed state 90 miles from our shores is a threat to the national security of the United States.
I'm telling you, the greatest revival Cuba has ever seen is about to happen.
I'm excited about that.
Every single time, I know what the Lord has shown me, and we're going to keep praying for the people in Cuba that this is going to be amazing, what God is about to do with the Cuban people.
They have been underneath this tyrant regime—is that what you want to call it?
—for decades, and God is about to liberate those people in the still of the night, in the still of the night when it will be completely black with the electric grid.
And there will happen to be an invasion by two things coming from a sub.
I saw it coming out of a sub.
All right, keep going.
Today, so here's our governor—no, mayor—our mayor Mamdani, our fearless leader in New York, leading the charge for Ramadan.
Ramadan's end was tonight, today, and they have their celebration.
They're all getting all their whatever they do.
So, I'm curious about what happens after Ramadan because Ramadan is over today.
And so AOC was pretending she's Muslim.
I guess she's Muslim now.
I didn't know.
If you think they—even the guys in the back are thinking, 'Who is she?
What is she doing?
' See them talking.
They're like, 'Hey, what?
We can lip-read.
Why are they letting her talk?
Tell her to get off the stage.
' That's what they're saying.
'Get her, get her out of here.
Pull the mic.
' He's like, 'Just shut up.
It's okay.
' The guy—the big guy with a beard—doesn't like her.
He's like, 'She's not Muslim.
' That's what he's saying.
'She's pretending, sir.
That's okay.
' He's like, 'I really am all into this.
Please take a photo op with me in it.
' Is that it?
Well, so I'm curious what will happen now with New York.
Ramadan's over.
Yeah.
And then Joe Biden's—she said that she thought he had a stroke when he was on stage during the debate.
Oh, Joe Biden.
And Candace Owens is best friends with Hunter now, and she apologized to him, and that was crazy.
I couldn't believe that.
I was just like, 'Wow, she's went way off the other side.
' She's friends with Hunter Biden and having interviews and doing everything and apologizing to him, and I was thinking, 'Whoa, that's pretty crazy.
' So, all right, let's pray.
Y'all want to pray?
Is that good?
Yeah.
Nothing else?
Kind of slow, isn't it?
It's been slow.
It's kind of boring, and no news.
Yeah, I'm trying to see.
They're saying he's going to war with the cartels.
I don't know.
Secretary of war Pete Hegseth the United States is going to war with the cartels, and they will.
And I saw great confusion in the cartels because certain leaders will be taken out in the days ahead in Venezuela, and there will be turf wars.
The cartels will fight the cartel.
The heads of these gang lords will fight each other because they'll be fighting for turf wars as their major leaders are taken out.
And that's what's coming.
And it will be by our Navy Seals, the no new wars Trump.
And then they said that they blocked these two districts to help midterms or something like that.
Really?
That's good news.
See, so this is what this is currently right now and this is what they wanted so they could have more districts in Alabama.
So they sided against it.
They decided against it.
That's interesting.
You would think that they would have went with it.
What was it about praying for him?
Was that what we were praying for?
Who?
Oh, remember we were praying for that man?
Oh, him.
Yes, you saw him every day.
Yes, and I was interceding.
We were all interceding for him.
Yes, and the Lord said, "Pray for him.
" It was the night when we were praying for Don Jr.
And it was the same night we were praying for Ivanka.
And the Lord said, "Specifically pray for that judge, the Supreme Court, for attacks against their lives, praying for protection for them.
" That's interesting.
Okay, you ready?
Yes.
Now, how long was it?
37.
Pretty good.
Father, we just thank you, Father, for your word.
We thank you, Father, for what you're doing in this earth.
And Lord, we just humble ourselves before you.
We love you, Jesus.
And we're so thankful, Father, that you've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this, Father, that we're the closers.
You saved the best for last.
And Father, we're built for pressure.
Regardless of what we see around us, regardless of what they say, regardless of what they do, God, you are our deliverer.
You are our strong tower.
The righteous run into it and they are safe.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, as we run to that strong tower tonight.
We humble ourselves and we pray and we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that you are our deliverer.
You are our standby.
You are our friend.
You are everything to us.
We can't do this without you, Father.
I thank you, Lord, for the body.
I thank you, Father, for your covenant, for your communion with us, Father.
Father, we take this in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we believe that by your stripes, we are healed.
And we thank you, Lord, that we're no longer sick in our bodies because of what you did on that cross for us.
And we receive it now by faith.
We receive everything you did when you said it is finished.
When you said it is finished, we receive the finished work of Jesus Christ.
We receive it in Jesus' name.
We are healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
And we take this body in Jesus' name and we give him praise and glory for it.
Thank you, Lord.
We plead the blood.
We make much of the blood.
Father, if there's anything you want to show us tonight, God, we yield to the anointing of the watchmen.
We yield to the anointing of the prophetic, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us.
Spirit, soul, and body, we apply the blood of Jesus over us, and we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
As we confess our sins, you are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us of all unrighteousness.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blood that never loses its power, the blood that protects us.
I apply the blood over this room.
I apply the blood over my children.
I apply the blood over my wife.
I apply the blood over my dogs and my finances and everything you've given us.
Thank you, Lord.
The blood covers us.
The blood washes us.
The blood keeps us whole.
We believe, Father, in the power of the blood of Jesus.
And we take this blood right now in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Lord.
We apply it.
Amen.
And amen.
Well, praise the Lord.
Ready.
Breathe upon me, breath of God.
Breathe upon me, spirit of the Lord.
As I lift my hands and surrender to your name, most high.
I'm yielding to your spirit.
I'm walking in your love, Jesus.
I adore your holy name.
Jesus, I adore.
Jesus, I adore your holy name.
Breathe upon me, breath of God.
Breathe upon me, spirit of the Lord, as I lift my hands in surrender to your name, oh most high.
I'm yielding to your spirit.
I'm walking in your love.
Jesus, I adore.
Jesus, I adore your holy name.
Come breathe upon me.
Breath of God, breathe upon me, Spirit of the Lord, as I lift my hands and surrender to your name, oh most high.
I'm yielding to your spirit.
I'm walking in your love.
Jesus, I adore.
Jesus, I adore your holy name.
Let your glory fill this house.
Let your praises fill my heart.
Let each vessel offer up to you the sacrifice of praise.
For you alone are worthy.
You alone are holy.
You deserve the glory.
Jesus, you alone, and you alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory.
Jesus, you alone, and you alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory.
Jesus, you alone.
Let your glory fill this house.
Let your glory fill my house, Lord.
Let your praises fill my heart.
Let each vessel offer up to you the sacrifice of praise.
For you alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory, Jesus.
You alone.
We praise you, Father.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord, for you are glorious and worthy to be praised.
You're the lamb upon the throne and unto you we lift our voice in praise, the lamb upon the throne.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord, for you are glorious and worthy to be praised.
You're the lamb upon the throne and unto you we lift our voice in praise, you're the lamb upon the throne.
For you are glorious and worthy to be praised.
You're the lamb upon the throne and unto you we lift our voice in praise.
Let your glory fill this house.
Let your praises fill my heart.
Let each vessel offer to you the sacrifice of praise.
For you alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory.
Jesus, you alone.
You alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory.
Jesus, you alone.
You alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory.
Jesus, you alone.
You alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory.
Jesus, you alone.
Let your glory fill my house.
Let your presence fill my heart.
Let each vessel offer unto you a sacrifice of praise.
You alone are holy.
You alone are worthy.
You deserve the glory.
Jesus, you alone.
You alone are worthy.
For you alone are worthy.
You alone.
You deserve the glory.
Jesus, you alone.
Only believe.
All things are possible when you only believe.
All things are possible.
Only believe.
I'll tell you what I see.
I see tent revivals, brush arbor churches, fields full of people.
The tent revivals are coming back.
Only believe.
Only believe, all things are possible when you only believe.
Lord, I believe.
Lord, I believe, all things are possible.
All things are possible, Lord, I believe.
I believe, I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous, the changing one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
I believe in miracles.
Healings are happening all over the place right now.
The master's here.
If I could tell you what I see right now.
Drink from the well that never shall run dry.
Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill our cup, fill it up and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord, come and quench this thirsting of their soul.
Bread of heaven, feed them till they want no more.
Oh, it's about the verse right here.
Like the woman at the well, I was seeking for things that could not satisfy.
And then I heard my Savior speaking, 'Draw from my well that never shall run dry.
' Like the woman at the well, I was seeking for things that could not satisfy.
And then I heard my Savior speaking, 'Draw from my well, draw from my well that never shall run dry.
' Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up and make me whole.
I don't know what you want me to do with what you show me.
Oh, 'taste and see,' says that the Lord is good.
Touch them right now, Master, through the whole internet world.
Touch them.
Everyone watching on the other end, let your presence fill their house.
Touch them, Father, where they are weak.
Yeah, like the woman at the well, I was seeking for things that could not satisfy.
That's many of us, huh?
The world, it spits so much at you.
And this is it: Like the woman at the well, I was seeking for things that could not satisfy.
And then I heard my Savior speaking, 'Draw from my well that never shall run dry.
' Thank you, Father.
See the glory, see the glory come down.
See the glory, see the glory, see the glory come down.
A refreshing, a refreshing, a refreshing.
Father, for every single person who is so desperate and needs such a touch today in their finances, in their life, in their hearts, and their minds—from PTSD to drug addiction, to alcohol addictions, to so many people with marriage problems, and so many people with strung-out kids, and they don't know where they're going to be within a couple of months from now, and they're asking you for direction for their life.
Father, you said in your word that we would hear your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We get out of our natural thinking and we get into our spirit.
And we thank you, Father, that those that are led by the spirit of God are the sons and daughters of God.
And we are led by your spirit.
We're led by your spirit because we're your children.
And I call clarity over every single person in their hearing tonight that they would experience you at a new level.
That they would experience the presence of the Lord at a new level, that from this day forward they'll never be the same again.
That, Father, they'll tap into that river that never will run dry.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that your hand of provision, your hand of comfort is over them as they've lost loved ones.
They're going through the trials of life.
I thank you, Father, that you give them wind in their sails and they don't get weary in well-doing.
I thank you, Father, that they will finish strong.
But, Father, I thank you, Lord, that those that are saying, 'I'm just not able to hear him, Brandon.
I just don't know if that's him.
' Father, I thank you, Lord, that you become so real to them.
They'll know it just by even smelling your breath, Lord.
That they would know that fragrance.
They would know what you smell like, that heavenly smell.
They would draw close to the Father.
They would draw close to you and they would be intimate with you, Lord, knowing you are closer than a brother, that you're a friend, closer than...
you're our ever-present help in a time of need.
Lord, we're so grateful for every one of these people here, but God, their heart's desire is to know you more.
Our heart's desire is to know you more, to seek you and to find you, to knock and the door will be opened.
And we thank you, Father.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that as they seek you, they'll find you.
As they knock, the door will be opened unto them.
Father, that they'll not question anymore, 'Is this you, Lord?
Is this you, Lord?
' But they'll say, 'I know this is him.
I know this is him.
' Speak to them in the midnight hour.
Speak to them in their sleep.
Speak to them in that still, small voice.
And so as they quiet their thoughts, as they quiet their minds from running and being in a panic and a frantic...
Shh.
Peace be still.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We glorify your name.
We glorify your name in all the earth.
We magnify your name.
We magnify your name in all the earth.
As we just yield to you, we glorify your name.
We glorify your name.
Thank you, Father.
We magnify you.
We glorify you, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
We magnify you, Father.
We glorify you, Lord.
And we thank you, Lord, as we come up higher in the fire.
As we come up higher, Lord, out of being like these chickens, like I saw last night, being chickens, we soar like an eagle.
We soar like an eagle and we give you praise, Father.
This is interesting.
When I was praying, when I was singing the song, I saw Jesus standing next to this beautiful brook.
Looked like a river.
But in this, he cast out a net and he was on the shoreline and I could see him.
I was on this side and I was looking at him on that side, and he cast out a net into this water that looked transparent.
It was just the most beautiful—the light was shining so much on it that it was like when you're out on a lake and you look at the reflection in the water.
You know how the beads of light all come off the waves as the water's choppy?
You can see the light shining on it, and you'll get a sunburn really bad when you look at that water and you can see the glistening of the light on the water.
I could see that water, but he took his net and he threw it out on that water and he was drawing in a harvest, and I was watching him as he was fishing.
It looked like he was fishing, but I know he wasn't fishing for fish.
Couldn't have been.
Maybe he was, but I never saw what was coming up out of that water.
I just saw a net that was roped.
It looked like a net that was like a fishing net that was thick, that had weights at the ends of it, that looked like a net, but it was white and it was thick.
And he just took it and he threw it out on the water, and it had a string at the base of it.
And he was fishing with that net.
And I was sitting there just watching, not wondering what he was doing.
He smiled, but he was fishing.
And as I sang that verse about the woman at the well who was seeking—I was seeking for things that could not satisfy.
And then I heard my Savior sing, 'Draw from the well.
' Is that how many are here right now, son?
The well, drawing from the well, drawing from that major pool of water.
He wants a refreshing for so many of you.
But as I was listening, I could hear the people: 'I don't hear you.
I don't hear you.
I don't know what you want from my life.
I don't know where you want me to go.
I don't know if I'm supposed to take that job.
I don't know if I'm supposed to move.
Where do you want me to be?
' There's so much of this torment because you want so badly not to miss it.
'I don't want to miss it.
I don't want to miss you.
I don't want to go out and do anything ahead of you.
I want to be in sync with you.
I want to do what he's saying.
Help me to go vertical.
Help me to do these things, not to go horizontal.
I want to follow you.
' And so much so that it's becoming a torment.
The fear of missing it.
Fear has torment.
The fear of missing it, fear of not walking out on the water.
'What do you want me to do?
What do you want me to do?
' Should I take the job?
Should I not?
Should I go into the army?
Should I go into service?
Should I serve the country?
Should I go to college in the fall?
Should I move my family across the country?
Where should I be, Lord?
Should we sell our house?
Should we not?
Should we buy a new car?
There are so many things that are running through people's heads.
Should I have that surgery?
Lord, I'm believing for healing.
Should I have that?
Should I get a new body part, like a new knee or whatever you're believing for?
You know, there are so many people that have so many different things they're asking, but you're tormented.
You come up against that wall.
'What if?
What if?
' That's what I'm hearing.
But it's drawing from the well that never runs dry in that place of worship—that's where your answer is.
It's not in the 'what if.
' It's not in that torment.
'What are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
' It's just always the echo inside of your head at night when you're trying to sleep, that peace and sleep that is robbed from you because you're always trying to think, 'I don't want to miss it.
I don't want to miss it.
I need to hear You, but You're quiet.
I don't hear You.
' I've been there.
I know.
And I was there recently.
I said, 'What do I do?
What do I do?
' And I wanted an answer.
And I thought, 'I hear You in the broadcast.
I hear You, but You're not talking about my personal stuff.
What's going on?
' But He spoke when I took my eyes off of the problem and I put them on Him.
How badly I wanted the answer!
'Oh, I need this answer.
I need this.
' I told Diana all day, 'I need this.
I need Him.
I don't know why He's not talking to me about this.
He knows I need to know this.
' And I was getting frustrated.
And I thought, 'Well, I hear You on this other stuff, and You want to talk about the weather?
Why are You talking about the weather?
' And I went, 'Well, at least You're talking.
' And I got quiet, but I said, 'But what about this?
' Nothing.
Just full of the care of it, just letting it eat me.
And I was driving around.
I got in the car.
I said, 'Well, we'll just go pray.
We'll go get in the car.
Paisley, let's go pray.
Come on, D.
Let's go get in the car.
Braden, come on.
We're going to go pray.
' And I drove around for hours, driving around in the car, praying up and down Tulsa.
'Oh, God, You're going to give me the answer.
' Worship.
Worship.
'Oh, God, give me an answer.
Paisley, you hear anything?
Do you?
' 'No.
' But when I was at that breaking place, you know, you're just in there, and I went in and I told her, 'I'm going to go out and pull weeds.
' And I was done with it.
I was like, 'If You don't want to answer, it's not important to You.
It's not important to me.
I guess I'm not going to talk about this anymore.
' And I'm out there pulling the weeds, and I'm looking at my flower in the flower bed, and I was thinking, 'Man, that's pretty amazing how fast these weeds are growing.
' Pulling the weeds, and I just took my eyes off of the problem and started focusing on Him.
'Well, I got to know what I'm going to say on the channel tonight.
' I mean, my own personal stuff.
'What do You have?
' And then He spoke, and I went...
It was when I took the care out of my prayer but focused it.
'Be careful for nothing, but in everything with thanksgiving...
' I started giving the praise to Him, and I just took it out of my subconscious mind.
I stopped thinking, 'I've got to have an answer.
I've got to have an answer,' and I just started worshiping Him.
'Oh, You're beautiful beyond description, too marvelous for words, too wonderful for comprehension.
' He knows everything you need before you need it.
And He knows the things in your past—He knows everything.
But He's not in the place of chaos.
Sometimes He's at the snow cone stand.
Sometimes He's watching something with your kids, VeggieTales or something.
Laugh.
He'll even say that.
'I want you to laugh.
' 'I don't feel like laughing.
This ain't funny right now.
What do You want me to laugh about?
I'm not happy right now.
' 'I want you to laugh.
' 'But Lord, this ain't funny to me.
I want you to enjoy life.
Paisley's young right now.
Go outside and play in the dirt.
' 'Do You understand what I'm asking You right now?
Do You not understand the pressure of life right now?
I don't want to go play in the dirt.
Do You get that?
' But that's Him making you take your eyes off of the problem for a minute and focus on something else, and the answer comes out of it.
'Play in the dirt.
Do you get that?
' Play in the dirt.
Do you see my nails?
They have dirt all in them.
Literally, I had to go get my ring cleaned because I thought I popped a diamond out of my wedding ring.
And I was like, 'Man,' I told D, 'I think I broke a bracket because I was digging in the dirt.
' So I took it up there and they had to check it because I have a warranty on it.
And I told her, 'Well, let's go up there and get it cleaned because I popped one out before and lost it because I dig in the dirt.
' This is how He talks.
'Get it in your nails.
Get dirt all in your nails.
Get it in your toes.
Get mud in your toes.
' And God talks.
Do you get it?
Some people, it may be working on your car, you know, working on your engine or something.
I'm not smart enough to do that.
My dad is.
He can do stuff like that.
My brother and other people can do it.
But me, I play in the dirt and God speaks, and I love flowers.
I work for a big ministry and I did their flowers.
It's my deal.
But I'm trying to tell you, God's not in all this.
And He doesn't talk in this until you stop, 'I've got to have an answer!
' He knows you've got to have an answer, but your flesh is screaming louder and He can't get through all that noise.
And you know what else?
And this is something else I got.
I don't know why, but these little patches I got, He said, 'Put that on.
' I think things are hokey, so I don't do them.
But He said, 'Put that on.
I want you to put that on.
' And it made me feel better.
And I said, 'so be it.
' The answer comes when you least expect it for certain things.
And He'll say, 'I want you to do this.
Put that on.
' And I did it.
Whatever He tells you to do, do it.
Do what He tells you to do.
Mary said, 'Fill the pots.
' They filled them to the brim with water.
They got the water turned into wine and they had a miracle because they followed what He told them to do.
Even when it didn't make any sense.
You're going to do what?
He's God, so He'll do whatever, whenever He tells you to do it.
Just do it.
And the answer comes out of digging in the dirt.
I'm not telling you to dig in the dirt.
I don't know what your thing is, you know what I'm saying?
Find your box.
William Seymour had to put a box on his head before the miracles would manifest in Azusa.
And he put the box on his head and he waited—sometimes they said over an hour, two hours—with a box on his head.
But the glory would not manifest until he put the box on his head.
That's why I try to tell you all the time: find your box.
What is your box?
The only one that can know that is you.
What is God telling you to do?
I'm not trying to tell you to be a parrot and put a box on your head, but find your box, and He will speak in that box.
What is it that's telling your flesh to shut up?
That's where your answer is.
Could be baking cookies for your kid.
Could be going and not focusing on it, but just focusing on your children because they're not going to be small forever.
Let's go get an ice cream.
Let's go.
Let's go walk in the park for just a second and throw rocks on the pond, or feed some fish or some ducks or whatever.
I don't know.
Taking your eyes off of your problem and putting your eyes on the beauty of life and what He's done for you already, and being thankful for what you do have and what He's already done for you, and saying, "God, thank you.
God, thank you for the answer.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that you love me enough that you died for me.
Thank you, Lord, that you've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread.
" And Father, I thank you that what the devil meant for bad, God, you're going to turn it around for good.
No matter what plot, no matter what plan, no matter what schemes are coming against you in the spirit realm or in the natural, everything the devil meant for bad, God will turn it in for your good if you're looking towards Him.
No matter what people try to say about you, no matter what they...
I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the Word says.
That's where you have to stay.
Stay where?
In that place of, "Regardless, God, I know we know the truth.
We know what you said, and you will turn it around for me.
" I don't know who that was for, but that was for somebody because in my heart I hear it when I'm sitting here.
I can hear that really loud: "What do I do?
What do I do?
" Father, the glory.
We're so grateful.
Father, we lift up our president tonight.
We lift him up before you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for President Trump.
We thank you, Lord, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
We apply the blood of Jesus over President Trump in this nation.
We thank you, Lord, from sea to shining sea.
Father, there's a covering over our nation.
We pray over his children: Eric, Don Jr.
, Tiffany, Barron, and Ivanka.
We pray over them.
No weapon formed against his kids will prosper.
A thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
Our children, Father, our kids.
We thank you, Father, that as we pray for other people's kids, you haven't forgotten our children.
As we sow the seeds, as we pray for Trump's kids, Father, the blessings are on ours.
Thank you, Father, that you protect our children.
Thank you, Lord, that they're always in the right place at the right time.
We thank you, Lord, that we're training up a child in the way they should go, and when they get older, they'll not depart from it.
We thank you, Lord, that our seed, our children, will be born again, filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
We call them out of darkness and into light.
We call salvation over our houses, that we will not have one child burn in hell, that every single one of them will be born again, filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
And we believe, Father, that you've called our children for such a time as this, for a mighty move of God.
Thank you, Lord, for the finances, for creative ideas to get the wealth, Father, for the wealth of the sinners laid up for the righteous.
You know, the other night, people get real...
they say, "Brandon, you want a Rolls-Royce?
" I don't want a Rolls-Royce.
I don't even like the way they look.
But if somebody wanted to bless me, I'm not going to reject it.
But I'm going to tell you this: if you say, "Well, Brandon, would you go out and purchase one?
" That's not my thing.
I don't like that.
I'd rather have a Cadillac or something.
To me, a Rolls-Royce is...
I said that to try to trigger you to believe God for bigger.
To me, a Rolls-Royce is not even a pretty car.
I mean, they're okay.
If you have one, I'm not knocking your car, but that's not my thing.
My car that I always think is most beautiful is fast cars, classic cars.
I love Camaros and cars with big engines that will burn the rubber off the road—I mean off the tire on the road.
That's my thing.
I like muscle.
I'm not really a luxury...
My thing is like Camaros and Ford Cobras and things like that.
That's my deal.
I love...
My brother and we all like that kind of stuff, like some nitrous or something you put in the engine and it goes even faster, and you go down the road...
how many second car it is.
That's our deal.
Texas Motor Speedway things, when you smell the fumes and you go, "Wow, man, that car is fast.
" That's my deal.
People got bent out of shape about a Rolls-Royce, but I go, "Folks, what I'm trying to tell you to do is believe God for bigger.
If you have investments and you're believing for big, don't settle for second best.
Believe Him for the best.
" Rolls-Royce is like, whatever.
I don't want to brag, "Grey Poupon.
" You know, when the guy rolled down the window, he said, "Pardon me.
Do you have any Grey Poupon?
" I mean, that's not Brandon Biggs.
I'm country.
I'd have a big truck with big wheels with the lights on it.
You know, let's do something fun.
I don't want to look down in there and roll down the window, and Jeffrey's in the front.
I'm not like that, you know?
I'd like to have the truck with the big American flag off the back, and you see me going down the road and you go, "There's Brandon.
" I'm like, "Yeah, that's me.
" I mean, to me, I want at least to be able to have to jump up in my truck, and I'm six foot, I'm like, pulling myself up because I'm trying to get in it.
Now, don't throw rocks at me when you see me doing that, because I want fish poles in the back, and I want my little boat, and I want to...
That's my deal.
I just say things because I'm trying to trip your trigger.
Believe God for bigger.
Stop choking on stupid stuff.
And anybody who knows me knows that that's the way I am.
Believe God for a Chevy Tahoe, I mean, whatever.
Beautiful.
It's just so much choking on things when God wants you to have the best.
I always just try to stretch myself.
Muscle cars.
Anybody out there like muscle cars?
You like cars that only have two seats, and you have a roll bar in there because it's loud, and Superb Road Runners, and oh, believing God for stuff like that.
That's cool, man.
A ten-second car.
Braden and I, you know, he's laughing.
It's fun.
Life is fun.
Don't you love the way a Harley sounds?
When you hear that testosterone when they rip on that Harley, and you hear that going down the road and you're going, "Man, that's obnoxious and cool.
" Do you like that?
I mean, I don't know, maybe some of you don't, but that's me.
Don't you like the way the sound of a Harley is, and it sounds so awesome?
You go, "Yeah, maybe not.
" I try to enjoy life.
Go to a bike show, and you hear them, and you hear those motorcycles, and you smell the smell of it, and it's just...
life is fun.
I like going to the zoo and looking at the monkeys, and looking at the lions, and looking at things, and just enjoying life.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
When you do that and you take your care out of your prayer, that's where God's at.
He wants you to have life and life more abundantly.
Enjoy what He's given you.
We're so spiritually serious all the time, and that's why I try to break out of that and just go, "It's okay.
" We know where we are in these end times, but we still have kids and we have a life, and we want to go to a car show or a gun show.
I love to go to gun shows.
Love them.
It's fun.
It's healthy to be healthy and happy.
Thunderbirds.
Watch the Blue Angels fly.
Air shows.
Thank you, Lord.
I try to, before I go, just try to make you think outside of the box.
There are so many people in their cares.
'Oh God, I've got this,' I hear.
And when I was praying, I could hear it.
It stopped me.
And I was thinking, it's funny because it's what He had me do, and I had to go play in the dirt.
Did you all get anything out of this tonight?
I know it's kind of different.
We are praying over their nation, Father.
We pray over Cuba.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
We thank You, Father, for Cuba.
Cuba will be liberated.
We pray over Brazil.
Brazil is about to have a major move of God.
We call for Brazil.
Maldonado is going to Brazil, and we pray for his meetings.
He is protected.
No weapon formed against him will prosper.
We pray for protection around that pastor right now in the name of Jesus that when he goes to Brazil next week, this will be the greatest harvest of souls that they've ever had at King Jesus Ministry.
Is that right?
King Jesus, right?
I say his church is King Jesus.
Thank you, Father.
Pastor Maldonado will have a major harvest of souls in Brazil.
We call in the harvest right now.
We pray over this, that this will be the largest turnout they've ever had, that people will be lined up down the street to receive their miracle from Jesus.
We believe that Asia will be reached.
We call forth a major move of God in South Korea.
We call forth a major outpouring of the glory over South Korea, over Europe.
We call forth in the name of Jesus, a supernatural increase of the glory on Africa, on Asia, on Europe, on the Middle East.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for supernatural increase on Canada.
See, when I started praying over that right then, immediately I started going in the vein of this event.
I could see it.
Oh, our midterm elections, we call for a red wave.
We call for an awakening unto God across this nation.
We call for the Clarity Act to pass in the name of Jesus.
No more hindering over the Clarity Act.
I see a vote about to happen.
Why is it blacked out over here?
And I see, is this the yeses?
Is that the beast system, Lord?
The way that looks, there is more that will be for it than against it.
I see 53.
Okay, this is interesting.
It overlaps into this side.
Okay, there's this.
Okay, there are two.
They're separate.
And this overlaps by just a few into the other side.
Okay, I see one, two, three, could be four, five right here.
They're gray.
This is gray.
It's overlapping into the other side.
So, this is trying to go over here into this.
I believe this is votes.
But there's some gray.
So, it's black and white.
The black is about to reach over into the white with some gray.
What is interesting is I can't see past the individuals, like when you see the mixture of the black and the white.
There are no blocks; it just blends in like it takes over the land.
But it's not divided enough.
I can't see which one is individual, but I see the gray individual blocks.
So, which one is good?
Because black like that onyx is never good like that, Lord.
That color is always dark.
It's the beast system.
It's the beast system, Brandon.
That's the beast system.
There's nothing good about the beast system.
Oh, man.
Now I see Starbucks.
I see Starbucks.
Dang, dang, above.
Okay.
Indicators for a recession.
Starbucks for the ones in these major cities.
I see indicators for a recession.
Do you understand what I'm saying, son?
I see Starbucks and I see that mermaid thing, but I see stores with nobody in them in downtown areas.
And I'm sorry, I hear indicators for a recession.
Thank you, Lord.
I love just pausing and looking into a vision.
I know I'm live, but I like looking down the streets.
I can fast forward and I can look around on certain levels when I get to a certain place, and I will look into the people.
There's nobody walking around very much.
I don't know where I'm at.
I don't know if this is Seattle; I've never been there before.
But I can see very clearly the Starbucks, and these ones downtown in this area are empty.
And then I walk around, and I see Trump, and they're saying a certain thing, and they're behind there, and I can see them talking, and I see Rubio.
Rubio is right next to him.
I don't know where JD Vance is, but I see Rubio.
But they're talking about the plan, and this is going to be fanned out over this clarity.
A new digital age pumping money into this.
It's almost like that's the shot.
He said it today, Braden: 'America will be the crypto capital of the world.
' This is the shot.
How will that make the economy look better, though?
Because he knows there are so many of us, I guess, that have little things of it.
I can see the 250.
I can see the green oak trees.
I see signs on poles that say '250 America.
' And I see where this was, but it's going down.
And I can see the people.
There's a parade.
There's a major parade in Washington.
Thank you, Father, for all the open doors, Father.
We thank You, Lord.
We pray over our nation.
We thank You, Lord, that the people who are called by My name will humble themselves.
We humble ourselves, Lord, and we pray.
We thank You, Lord, that we hear from heaven and You heal our land.
Thank you, Lord, that there's a major revival coming to our land as You shake the church to awake her, Father, a major move, major outpouring.
Hallelujah.
It's a very different kind of night tonight, Braden, but it's what He wanted.
Well, I think it's good enough for today.
We'll pray more tomorrow.
We'll be back again tomorrow, and we will see where He wants us to go then.
But I pray you got blessed by this, and I pray you are refreshed or whatever, maybe you got some answers or whatever.
But we love you, and we'll be back again tomorrow.
Tomorrow is Thursday evening, and then we'll keep praying.
We're praying over our nation.
We're going into June.
We're saying goodbye to May, and we pray for Australia.
We pray for Australia, Father.
We thank You for stirring in them.
There are things in your government that are about to come forth in Australia.
You're about to see some new laws.
It will be concerning your freedom of speech, your freedom of being able to say things.
There are coming laws.
I see this.
There are changes that are about to happen in your government.
They'll call it hate speech.
They'll try to pass the same things, even more, concerning what we call our First Amendment, but this will be concerning social media.
I see Facebook.
I see things to do with social media, regulating social media in Australia.
There are bills, there are things I see, and there are votes.
But I see a man and he has glasses.
I see a man with glasses.
He's the one running this, a man with glasses.
He's kind of stubby-looking.
He has glasses with black frames.
His hair looks like a blonde color.
I see him, and he's the one behind this, but he's getting pressure from the king, from England, from Europe.
I don't know who this man is, but there's a man, and there are two others, one on his left and one on his right.
Persecution.
It's persecution.
Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I sing praises to your name.
Yeah.
It's concerning your freedom of speech, like for your words, what you say on social media.
It's persecution towards the church.
Come on.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that it will not pass.
Thank you, it will not pass.
They will rise up at last, and a great, great revival will hit all around Australia, and new worship will come forth as they resist this, springing forth brand new plants.
I see the plants springing forth out of a dry season.
Dry seasons, and we praise you, Father, in Jesus' name.
Yeah, that's the guy right there.
You see him with the glasses?
Prime Minister, that's the man with the glasses.
You see him?
He looks kind of nerdy, doesn't he?
That's the man that's going to do this.
Two others will help him and they'll come across.
They're going to try to push for social media, and it's about to come out.
Whatever this is is about to happen.
But he's being pressured from the King for the digital IDs.
You hear me?
It's digital IDs.
A digital ID is coming there.
But they'll really persecute people with freedom of speech.
Digital IDs with England.
Digital IDs.
That's right.
This is it.
That's very strong.
When I said that, it popped and went.
Digital IDs is coming to Australia.
They're about to introduce this.
They're about to tell you about this.
And I don't know if I'm behind the ball on this, but I'm telling you, it's like it's going to become very loud.
The volume is going to be cranked up big time.
And it will pass.
I see it passing without much resistance.
Is the church pretty much asleep in Australia?
They only have like little pockets of people that are believers there.
Is the church pretty asleep in Australia?
A lot of liberals.
Is it pretty liberal?
Is Australia liberal?
I see a lot of liberals, but I see little circles of people that are a remnant there.
There's not much influence from the church.
It doesn't have a lot of traction.
And like I said, if you have your hair this way, I'm not trying to make fun of it, but I see a spiked mohawk with a bald head on the side with purple and different colors in this, with like a biker jacket, with more of—and it's something to do with this digital ID.
I see you.
And I would consider this—and like I said, if you have your hair like that, I see this is liberal.
They're being liberal.
I'm not trying to say it's Christian because you've got all these people, but I'm telling you what I see.
The Lord is saying this would be the far left concerning Australia.
Digital IDs are coming.
I would even say this is going to be put out this year to start coming into 2027 to try to really implement this.
It's going to start to really try to implement these digital IDs, but freedom of speech, cracking down on what you say, hate speech, and it will go really strong in Canada and in England.
Very strong in England and Canada.
But they're almost like—remember I told you the king is the scorpion, and he's putting his pinchers towards Canada and he's pointing his pinchers towards Australia, son.
Yeah, this is it.
And he's looking towards Europe.
Spain.
France.
Italy.
Germany.
Interesting.
Yep.
Denmark.
England.
This is going to roll out fast.
You're looking at something that will come.
They're trying to do Agenda 30 early.
Yep.
With social credit scores.
With social credit scores, they're trying to copy China.
Do you hear me, Braden?
I hear social credit scores are coming like to copy China.
We are in the last of the last days.
This will affect New Zealand also.
Well, praise the Lord.
So the church has to be brighter and stronger than we've ever been and stand for what we believe, and you'll be a backbone like a crowbar against the guy with the glasses.
Hopefully, you'll still receive us over there.
Hopefully, I'm telling you that this thing is about to really accelerate, y'all.
And I'm excited.
You know why?
Because I'm looking up, for I know our redemption draws nigh.
Jesus Christ is coming.
And it's getting real radical, isn't it, in our generation?
I told you we wouldn't taste death.
Jesus Christ is coming.
There are some of you who go, 'Well, I believe it's 50 years from now.
' Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
Jesus is coming.
You've got to get excited about it.
It's exciting times.
So we pray the video blessed you all, and we'll be back again tomorrow.
Thank you for joining us.
We love you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all.
Have a great night.
Bye-bye.